Social contract

All texts that we are going to present will be written in english. E.g Slack can be swedish.

We meet every monday 09.00-12.00 at Lindholmen, unless other has been decided.

We meet every wednesday 08.30-17.00 at Lindholmen,  unless other has been decided.

Every Monday we create new "IndividualReflection Week X" and "GroupReflection Week X". Where X is the reading week.
Each member writes in "IndividualReflection Week X" under the respective names in the document.

Everyone must have written their IndividualReflection for the PREVIOUS week before 08.59 every Monday and posted it in the repot.

Turn up the time agreed for our meetings / code houses.

Meeting minutes should be held every meeting with the group. Max does this and uploads the repo after the end of the meeting.
Name "Read WeekX, date" on file.
Philip does it in Max's absence.

Stand-up meetings at all meetings when the group is seen. Max 5min.

If needed, all members are expected to be able to spend 20h per week.

Book Group Rooms and Meetings no later than the week before.

Notify in the Help-Slack channel if someone gets a problem that they do not get on with within 30min and do another task in the meantime.

Encourage each other to collaborate on slack for any work session.
E.g If Philip is going to sit and work at the school beyond the agreed time, he is encouraged to announce this in slack.

Good atmosphere is encouraged through coffee and baked goods.

Programming enviroment will be "Visual Studio Code 1.37.1".

Definition of Done:
CodeReviewed
Personally tested by the codereviewer
Fulfills acceptence criteria
PO says it is done



Naming new branches: find and use a suitable "prefix".
If the purpose of the new branch has to do with project organization or other administrative stuff,
name the branch "organization/" followed by what you will work on. See the individual reflections branch above.
If it is a feature, use "feature/...-...-...", if it is a bugfix, "bugfix/...-...-...".

A branch is created for every specific task. When that task is completed and >fully< functional with the current Development,
the tester that tested that task merges it into Development.
E.g Dara creates branch B for task T. He then puts T into "Code Review" on Trello.
Philip, or any other group member exept for Dara, then proceeds and read Daras code AND tests his solution so that is works with Development.
If it does not work, Philip will notify Dara in the CodeReview channel in Slack and Philip puts the card back in "In progress" on trello.
If it does work, then Philip will merge branch B into Development.



KEY PERFORMANCE INDEXES (KPI): 

We will measure three main KPI's. Mainly to monitor work in the project.

Employee Satisfaction Index. Measure from 1 to 5. Where 5 is "Very happy with the work environment" and 1 is "Very dissappointed with the work environment".

The result of this is presented in the team reflection.


Additionally we will measure amount of cards in "Code Review"-column and "In progress.."-column on the trello-board. These will be monitored and adjusted on the scrum board.




